# KED
Knowledge-Enhanced Document ranking Model

## Abstract

Document ranking addresses the challenge of ranking the documents to the queries. Dense neural ranking models encode the queries and the documents in dense embedding space that learns semantic representations of the words depending on their context, and these representations are utilized to model the relevance of the documents with respect to the queries. Such models identify the relevant information in the documents through semantic similarity with the queries. This can result in ranking semantically similar but irrelevant documents higher than the relevant ones. We propose a graph neural network model that generates enhanced document representations by incorporating generated query-relevant symbolic knowledge. Based on our previous work (GRN), we observe that relevance information is an important factor to identify relevant information. We introduce three document ranking models which are based on the fundamental idea of GRN: (1) KED-k-Rel: which is based on the relevance information of generated symbolic knowledge, (2) KED-d-Rel: which is based on the relevance information of the documents and (3) KED-All-Rel: which is based on the relevance information of generated symbolic knowledge and documents. Our experiments demonstrate that our proposed models significantly outperforms the existing dense retrieval models by 14-34%. To evaluate the efficacy of the models, we conduct experiments on two standard benchmark datasets, TREC Deep Learning and TREC Complex Answer Retrieval. To aid reproducibility, our code and data are available.
